sql-statement-load-data: update compatibility info (#7916)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-load-data.md

## MySQL compatibility

> This statement is understood to be fully compatible with MySQL except for character set options, which are parsed, but ignored. Any compatibility differences should be [reported via an issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/new/choose) on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This statement is understood to be fully compatible with MySQL, except for character set options which are parsed but ignored. If you find any compatibility difference, you can [report it via an issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/new/choose) on GitHub.
```

> This statement is understood to be fully compatible with MySQL except for character set options, which are parsed, but ignored. Any compatibility differences should be [reported via an issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/new/choose) on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This statement is understood to be fully compatible with MySQL, except for character set options which are parsed but ignored. If you find any compatibility difference, you can [report it via an issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/new/choose) on GitHub.
```
